Create a Developer team Jump to Content Documentation Resources Marketplace Community Documentation API Reference Changelog v2.0 Documentation Resources Marketplace Community Build your app Documentation Build your app Moon (Dark Mode) Sun (Light Mode) main Documentation Create a Developer team Create a Developer team Search Platform Essentials Introduction Web SDK vs REST API Getting started Developer team Create a Developer team Change the Developer team name Delete the Developer team Migrating a developer app App manifest Concepts Boards Board items Children inside parent items App card App card use cases Edit, update, and keep app cards synced Backend flow for app cards Enable REST API authentication from Miro&#x27;s Web SDK authorization Enable 2-way sync between app cards and GitHub cards Card Connector Embed Events Frame Image Mind map (Experimental) Preview Shape Sticky note Storage Text Tag Migrate from v1 to v2 Web SDK comparison guide Web SDK reference guide REST API comparison guide REST API reference guide Web SDK Introduction Miro Web SDK and board items App panels and modals Guided onboarding Onboarding essentials 1) Create your first board item with the Web SDK 2) Update an item&#x27;s properties with `sync()` 3) Run your first app in Miro 4) Interact with your app in Miro 5) Join the conversation 6) Install a Marketplace app 7) Add Mirotone to an existing app Onboarding wrap-up Challenge: Where&#x27;s Miro? Submit and share your app 1) Share an app outside of a developer team 2) Understand app submission requirements 3) Publish a Miro app 4) Share your ideas with us Submit and share wrap-up In-depth training modules 1) Create your 1st Miro app locally 2) Build a full-stack Miro app Getting started Quickstart Video: try the Web SDK in less than 1 minute Build your first Hello World app Build a Web SDK app Build a REST API app Build a full-stack (Next.js) app Enable running apps as instant apps How-Tos &amp; tutorials Use the browser developer tools with the Miro Web SDK Update and sync item properties Add icon click to your app Add an icon to your app Add drag and drop to your app Add permission scopes to your app Add search and filter to your app Build a calendar app in Miro Convert sticky notes to shapes Create mind map from CSV Add custom actions to your app Deploy a Miro app Log in to a third-party service using OAuth Enable 2-way sync between app cards and GitHub cards Enable REST API authentication from Miro&#x27;s Web SDK authorization Integrate a digital asset manager in Miro Convert frame coordinates to board coordinates SVG app icon optimization guidelines Upload images and SVGs as base64-encoded strings Connect the Miro Web SDK to a backend (Firebase) Video: Deploy a Next.js App on AWS Amplify Video: Integrate OpenAI + Miro Build collaborative app experiences Display banner/modal on a Miro board using DynamoDB Display banner/modal on a Miro board using AWS S3 Reference Interact with boards and items Rate limiting Error handling Board Card Board UI Viewport Notifications App card Experimental Realtime Events Tag Custom Action Management Shape Frame Image Sticky Note Shape experimental Embed Connector Unsupported Mindmap Node Preview Text Storage collection Storage Collaboration Session Attention Group History REST API Introduction Getting started Quickstart Video: try the REST API in less than 3 minutes Access Enterprise APIs Build your first Hello World REST API app Getting started with webhooks Webhooks using Python How-To&#x27;s &amp; tutorials Get started with OAuth 2.0 and Miro Enable REST API authentication from Miro&#x27;s Web SDK authorization Access Enterprise APIs Create sticky notes and tags Convert code to diagram with Miro PlantUML Get user info and email Create an image from a data URL source Work with connectors Securely manage boards and teams at scale Enable 2-way sync between app cards and GitHub cards Set up a test endpoint for webhooks with Pipedream Troubleshoot OAuth2.0 Video: OAuth Essentials for Frontenders Miro Node.js client Miro Node.js client Readme Miro Node.js client quickstart for task automation Miro Node.js client quickstart with OAuth and Express Implement data storage Reference documentation Miro Python client Reference Marketplace Miro Marketplace Get ready for Marketplace App design guidelines App security guidelines App development policy App listing guidelines Build and deploy your app Your Marketplace profile Publish your app Monetization Monetization with Miro + Stripe Monetization with Miro + Salable Provide pricing details for your app Developer benefits App Metrics SCIM API Introduction User lifecycle management Getting started Concepts Rate limits Errors Reference Users Groups Discovery features Live Embed Introduction Getting started Authentication oEmbed support How-Tos &amp; tutorials Live Embed with a direct link Live Embed view-only mode Live Embed with BoardsPicker for registered users Live Embed with BoardsPicker for unregistered users Reference Resources Resources overview Changelog Roadmap Mirotone Miro app examples Miro Postman сollection Policies Developer terms of use App development policy Lifecycle policy Deprecation policy Create a Developer team Before you start building apps, create a Developer team: it&#x27;s your sandboxed environment to develop and test apps. Create a Developer team for your Miro account 📘 Developer teams for Enterprise plan This article describes the procedure for Miro subscriptions other than Enterprise. If your organization is on an Enterprise plan, go to the Enterprise Developer teams Help Center article to learn how to set up Developer teams for an Enterprise plan. 🚧 The Developer team isn&#x27;t a production environment. Use the Developer team only as a sandboxed environment for development purposes. Don&#x27;t use it to carry out any other type of work or remote collaboration To create a Developer team in Miro: If you don&#x27;t have a Miro account, yet, sign up to Miro . If you already have a Miro account, sign in to it . After signing in, click the link to create a Developer team for your currently active Miro account . Alternatively: 2a. Click your user account avatar. 2b. From the drop-down menu, select Settings . 2c. In the app settings view, click the Your apps tab. 2d. the Your apps view, click + Create new app . In the Create new team modal, select the checkbox to accept Miro&#x27;s terms of service, and then click Create team . Figure 1. Select the checkbox to accept Miro&#x27;s terms of service, and then click &quot;Create team&quot;. In the Create new app modal, enter a descriptive name for the app in the App name input field. The app is automatically assigned to your Developer team (Dev team). To complete the process, click Create app . Figure 2. Give your app a name, and then click &quot;Create app&quot;. Your currently logged-in user profile is a member of the newly created Developer team. You can now proceed to: Configure the app you just created. Build a new app, using either the Web SDK or the REST API , or both (full-stack) . Change the details of your Developer team. Delete your Developer team. Updated almost 2 years ago What&#x27;s next Follow our guided onboarding to get familiar right away with the features and functionality of the Miro Developer Platform. Guided onboarding Table of Contents Create a Developer team for your Miro account