Team management on Enterprise Plan &ndash; Miro Help Center &times; On March 21, Miro launched a new Creation toolbar experience for select users. You may see a new + icon at the bottom of this toolbar and some tabs, "Apps" and "Discover" in the rollout panel. We're piloting this new experience for select users to improve the Miro experience overall. We will be introducing this feature to all users soon, please check back for more details. --> Registration is live for Miro’s biggest event of the year — Canvas 25! Sign up now to secure your spot for October 14 REGISTER NOW English (US) Deutsch Español Français 日本語 한국어(대한민국) Polski (Polska) Português do Brasil Sign in Miro Help Center Enterprise Administration Managing Enterprise teams and content Articles in this section Miro&#39;s new Admin Console Public beta program Feature activation Self-serve teams to Enterprise plan consolidation Team management on Enterprise Plan Create a new team on Enterprise plan Team permissions on Enterprise plan Manage team privacy and discovery on Enterprise Plan Content Admin permissions for Company Admins Team management on Enterprise Plan June 24, 2025 10:00 Updated Relevant for: Enterprise Plan Who can do it: Company Admin A team in Miro is a shared workspace where users can collaborate on boards and Spaces. With the Enterprise Plan, you can set up multiple teams tailored to specific groups or purposes. This feature allows for seamless cross-team collaboration, as Miro users can be members of multiple teams. Company admins can set up each team according to its needs, including managing team apps and integrations for the team, as well as user permissions and team privacy. 💡 In Admin Console, the team icon shows which team settings a Team admin can change. As Company admin, go to Admin Console &gt; Teams &gt; {team name} &gt; Settings tab. Team icon: 💡 If you’re new to Miro, learn more about Team and Company settings . Team management settings In Admin Console, you can manage all teams in your organization from the Teams view. Go to Admin Console &gt; Teams . Click Columns to extend the data shown for each team. You can view settings like number of boards created recently, and which teams are hidden. Click Filters to show only teams that match your criteria. For example, you want to see which teams allow anyone in the team to invite new members. Add columns and select filters to manage teams in your organization. 💡 Use Filters to perform a security audit and manage security compliance for teams. Select a team to open the team settings panel. You can view the following admin tabs: Users Update licenses and roles. Apps See which apps are enabled for the team, and optionally remove them. Settings Specify team settings like allowed domains, privacy, and security. Team profile Update team name and logo, and optionally delete the team. How to edit a Team profile Who can do it: Company Admin, Team Admin Change the team name From the Team profile, click on the Team name field to edit the team name. Changing the team name Change the team logo From the Team profile, click Upload to add or change the Team logo, or click Remove to delete an existing logo. Changing the team logo Leave or Delete a team From the Team profile, users and admins can choose to leave the team. Company admins and Team admins can delete the team. The option to leave or delete a team Team user management settings Who can do it: Company Admin, Team Admin To see the full list of users within a team, click on a team name. You will see each user’s role, license type, and the number of teams they're in. Managing users in a team To open the user management settings, click the three dots ( ... ) icon next to the user. Company admins can edit the user's info, change the user license to Full Member or Free Restricted, grant (or revoke) Team Admin permissions, and delete the user from the team. Depending on the team invitation settings , Team admins can grant (or revoke) Team Admin permissions, and delete the user from the team. User management settings Promote a user to Team Admin Who can do it: Company Admin, Team Admin Click the three dots ( ... ) icon next to a user name. Click Grant Team Admin . Remove a user from a team Who can do it: Company Admin, Team Admin Click the three dots ( ... ) icon next to a user name. Click Delete from team . Edit user info When you click Edit user info , a side panel will open. Within the panel you will see a more detailed view of a user's profile and activity in Miro, including how many boards, Spaces, and templates the user has, and the names of their teams. You can edit these details depending on your Team or Company admin permissions. User profile with list of Teams Add or remove a user from a team Within the Edit user info dialogue box, click + to grant access to a new team, or click x next to a team to remove access. You will be prompted to reassign the user’s boards to a new board owner. How to find your Billing Contact If you need to find the Billing Contact for your team's plan, you can do so in Settings . Go to Settings . Click on Organization Profile and scroll to Primary Contacts . Your Billing Contact will be listed (or can be selected) there. Billing Contact is found under Settings &gt; Organization Profile Set up apps for a team Who can do it: Company Admin, Team Admin Teams may need access to specific applications for better collaboration. You may also need to restrict access to some applications. Go to Settings &gt; Apps &amp; Integrations &gt; Apps to see all applications currently approved for the team. App management settings Removing app access for a team Click on an application. You will see the app details. Click Remove for team to remove access to the the app for the whole team. Removing access to an app for a team Allow or restrict apps for team members Let your team members add approved apps from the Miro Marketplace. Toggle on Allow non-admins to add apps . 💡 Company Admins can add and remove apps and oversee app requests in Company settings &gt; Apps. Learn more about App management. Allowing non-admins to add approved apps Manage team permissions Who can do it: Company Admin Configure permissions for your teams, including invitation settings, sharing permissions for boards and Spaces, allowed domains, and board content settings. You can also restrict the ability to move boards from and to the team, and enable or disable the board co-owner role for the team. Learn more in the article Team permissions on Enterprise plan . Turn on team privacy mode Who can do it: Company Admin If you need teams within your organization to stay invisible to each other you can turn on Team privacy mode. Once the option is enabled, members of the Enterprise subscription cannot see teams they're not part of, and the option to share boards with the entire company is disabled. Learn more about managing team privacy and discovery on Enterprise Plan . Export your team details To download a list of all teams under your Enterprise subscription, go to Company settings &gt; Teams and click the Download icon. Downloading a CSV file with teams data The CSV document will include: Team name URL to access the Permissions settings of a team. SCIM security groups indicating an IdP group synced with the team within your Enterprise subscription. The other columns ( WhoCanInvite, InviteExternalUsersEnabled, TeamCollaborationCoOwnerRoleEnabled , etc.) are related to your team permissions . You can quickly go to a team Permissions settings following the link in the second column and configure the team settings in accordance with your security standards. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Was this article helpful? Yes, thanks Not really What did you like about this article? (optional) Submit feedback Sorry about that! Why wasn't the article helpful? This article didn't answer my questions or solve my problem I found this article confusing or difficult to read I don't like how the feature works Other Submit feedback If you would like to get a reply from the Miro Support team, please create a ticket here Thank you for your feedback! Error! Please try later... Can't find what you're looking for? Submit your question --> Return to top Related articles Team permissions on Enterprise plan I am a new Miro Admin. Where to start? Self-serve teams to Enterprise plan consolidation Domain control SCIM On this page --> &uarr; Miro Changelog Status Page Miro Community Pricing Miro Academy